feat: Added documentation for cant_reach event (#60)
godot-escoria/escoria-docs: scripting/z_esc_reference.rst

   happen before the room is visible (i.e. before the "transition in").
-  ready : These are commands that will run when a room loads, after it becomes
   visible (i.e. once ":setup" completes and after the "transition in").

> -  cant_reach : The ":cant_reach" event will fire when the game character has
>    walked as far as it can to try and reach an ESCItem's location, but the
>    current navigation polygon prevents it from reaching the destination. You
>    can use this event to have the character say "Sorry, I can't reach it."
>    for example if there's an obstacle blocking their path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  cant_reach : The ":cant_reach" event will fire when the game character has
   walked as far as it can to try and reach an `ESCItem`'s location, but the
   current navigation polygon prevents the character from reaching the
   destination. You can use this event to have the character say,
   "Sorry, I can't reach it." for example if there's an obstacle blocking the
   character's path.
```
